Tkakar/cat 908 create docs (#3)
vitessce/vitessce-link: docs/tutorial.md

---
sidebar_position: 3
---

# Vitessce Link Tutorial with Sample Dataset

> To load a 3D dataset first go to [vitessce.link/study](file:///Users/ericmoerth/Library/CloudStorage/GoogleDrive-eric.moerth@gmx.at/My%20Drive/HARVARD%20MEDICAL%20SCHOOL/Reviews/BioMedVis2024/vitessce.link/study) on your Desktop   

Reviewer: This is a local file, and the URL appears to be outdated (i.e. we don't have a `/study` url). I think `/beta` is the intended link?
```suggestion
To load a 3D dataset first go to [vitessce.link/beta](/beta) on your Desktop   
```
